[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today on "Cosmic
Disclosure," we are with Tim,
a tactical advisor from Germany
who analyzes and suggests
various strategies in relation
to extraterrestrial groups
in contact with Earth.
Also joining us today
is Richard Doty,
a retired
counterintelligence agent
who served in the
Air Force Office
of Special Investigations.
Welcome, gentlemen.
Today, we're going to be
talking about portals and time.
So we're going to get a US
perspective from you, Rick,
and from you, Tim, of
course, a German perspective.
So Rick, you've seen
so many documents
about this type of subject.
What could you start off with?
>>RICHARD DOTY: Well, during
my counterintelligence career,
I was assigned to Area 51.
And one of the operations
that I perfected
a counterintelligence
operation for
was an operation
or a project that
was run by the
National Laboratories
in investigating
how to time travel,
whether it was feasible,
different methods
and different
procedures that could
be developed to move
from one area of time
to another area of time.
And so I actually developed a
counterintelligence operation
based on the project.
Most of the time when we get
these projects in that we
had to do a counterintelligence
operation for, you just read
a summary, the objectives,
but not everything.
I was so fascinated
by time travel
that I read the
entire document, even
the scientific portions of it.
So what we were trying to
do, what the United States
government was
trying to do is open
a portal or a tunnel
in the fabric of space
in order to travel.
And I'm not disclosing anything
that's classified anymore.
Most of this has already
been written about.
Theories have been taught in
a college class at one time.
But what they were trying
to do is perfect procedures.
They used high-energy lasers.
They used magnetisms,
high-energy, large magnets
to shoot lasers and other
things through a portal
or create a portal,
open up the time,
and then try to figure
out how to keep it open.
And they were using
different sheaths
to put in there to
try to keep it open.
They were trying to then
maintain it with gases.
They used I know argon gas and a
number of other different types
of gases they would send
through these portals.
And it actually worked.
They were able to open it.
The problem was to keep it
open and to prevent any damage
or injuries to anything
that went through there.
They were using cockroaches
to put through there.
They were using
mice and rats and I
believe some other animals.
But nothing-- they couldn't
perfect it at that time.
But later on, they developed
different techniques
and different methods
that were able to do that.
>>EMERY: What year was this?
>>DOTY: This was in the
1980s, early to mid-1980s.
The project actually
started back in the '60s.
I believe Sandia
National Laboratories
started the project.
And it was in the
elementary stages back then.
Scientists were able to document
on paper how to do this.
But then when they were trying
to perfect it in reality, so
to speak, they ran into all
sorts of different obstacles,
whether atmosphere, all sorts
of things that were preventing
the time portal to open.
They actually opened
some, but they
couldn't keep it open in
order for any at least humans
to go through there.
And when they opened it, there
was a lot of different things
that happened.
When you open a portal,
there were small explosions
that are recurring.
There were distortions of
the atmosphere, distortions
of the viewing as you
looked into the portal.
There was so much distortion.
And one of the things
they determined was they
didn't know that this portal
was going forward in time
or back in time.
And that was a big
question on their part.
They were trying to
perfect things that
could determine this,
whether they were going
forward or backwards in time.
And eventually, they did.
They were able to perfect
the way to open a portal.
But the only problem
is the portals
were only open in the early
days for a millisecond.
And later on, they kept
them open for a few seconds.
And they perfected something
called a nuclear injection
where they had a small, very
small nuclear detonation
that they fired into--
they fired this ball
of nuclear material--
I don't know how they
did it-- into the portal,
and there would be a
small nuclear detonation.
That seemed to open it.
And as they try to put
the sheath in there--
and the sheath was made of
some anti-magnetic material--
it would stay open
for a few seconds,
and it would close and
destroy that sheath.
>>EMERY: Wow.
Fantastic.
When I was there
in the early '90s
and was part of that
project, they also
were using special alignments.
They found out that they had the
Earth and the different types
of space alignments
because there's
ley lines also in space.
And they still
did not perfect it
at all where they could do it.
So how about you, Tim?
What have you heard?
And what have you
experienced and read about?
>>TIM: We know that
Germany was probably
be the first nation
in modern history
that had experiments
on time travel.
Everyone knows the
theoretical physics
that time can be
approachable dimension.
That is something Germans came
up with in the 1920s, '30s.
They did experiments on that
I think about the 1940s.
Their approach was to
use high-voltage in order
to melt down the
fabric of space, which
can be used in order to
move temporal dynamics,
but absolutely not stable.
And it would also be pretty
toxic for everyone who stands
around that kind of field.
So I'm pretty sure
that they did not
succeed in any way at that time
in the 1940s to make it stable.
What Richard was
talking about, people
have used that,
the same mechanics,
allegedly way back
in the ancient times
where we find all those
ancient sites that were indeed
aligned to the different
lines and star constellations.
And they used the natural
occurring energies in order
to open certain gates.
So you were talking about
the '70s, '80s, I guess,
and you were talking
about the '90s.
I guess it was about the 2000--
2010-ish years where
the Greys decided
to give at least a certain
group of people on Earth
the ability to have a stable
and functioning technology.
I'm pretty sure that
that is highly classified
in terms of not everyone
having access to that.
So I think that the Greys
took that pretty seriously
and made access to only a
very certain amount of people
or a group of people.
And they exist.
So there are people that are
going through these portals,
and they are also in a
future version encapsulated
in time of the Earth.
And their mission
is to have a look
on how Earth is developing.
And as far as I know, they
are active in this time
right now, even present.
>>EMERY: Yeah, I believe they're
picking specific organizations
and people that are going to be
responsible for utilizing that.
>>TIM: Yeah.
>>EMERY: Now are these portals
also in space, not just Earth?
>>TIM: So one
thing I like to add
is that temporal dynamics is
capable of being weaponized.
So one can build a very
highly efficient weapon
using temporal dynamics.
And I think that
is the reason why
Greys decided to give
it only to a very
specific group of people.
>>EMERY: Rick, could
you add to that?
>>DOTY: Well, one
of the things that
was developed during the
experiments in time travel
out at the Nevada
test site in Area 51
was a peripheral part of
the time travel projects
they developed,
they found that they
could develop an energy weapon,
a high-energy weapons system.
It wasn't the objective.
But while they were
experimenting over these years,
they realized that
there were some things
that they could do to take
advantage of these portals.
They were in a
process of developing
when I left an energy weapon.
>>EMERY: Was that a side--
was that a side effect,
this energy weapon was
opening a portal?
>>DOTY: Absolutely.
It was opening a portal.
And so when I left, they
were trying to perfect it.
And I think probably
over the years,
they might have done that.
When I worked for a private
laboratory in Texas,
we were able to look
at some of the things
that DARPA was doing in
that area of perfecting
this type of energy weapon.
>>EMERY: Rick,
they're experimenting
with opening a portal.
How do they know what's
on the other side?
>>DOTY: Well, one
of the objectives
was to determine exactly that
and how they would measure it
or how they would see into it.
So they had subcontractors
working on that too.
And so they developed some
techniques and some equipment,
which probably are
still classified.
I don't want to
go into that part.
But they had actually
equipment, something
similar to an oscilloscope
that was projecting.
They could determine wave
patterns, normal Earth wave
patterns.
And when they opened
the fabric, there
was a strange wave
pattern detected
that we couldn't
duplicate anywhere else
but looking into that portal.
So when this
strange wave pattern
appeared on their
scopes, they knew
that they'd opened a portal.
Now the problem was
in the early stages,
they didn't know
where that was going.
Was that going back in time, or
was it going forward in time?
Now eventually, they took
this to another location
in a mountain in California.
And they duplicated it, and they
realized that the wave patterns
there were different
than the wave patterns
in the desert of Nevada,
at the Nevada test
site, which was the
main location that they
were testing this.
So now they figured,
wait a minute.
Why is the wave pattern
different there in California
than what we had?
And bingo.
They figured, that's
going one way because
of the altitude or the area
where they're doing it in,
and in Nevada, it was
going someplace else.
And when I left--
and even when I worked for
the private laboratory,
this was being
developed rapidly.
>>EMERY: What do you think, Tim?
>>TIM: Yeah.
So we all know that
dimensions are units or a way
to measure the location of
something inside of space.
So if we have three
dimensions, we can,
by using a triangular
method, we have a way
to figure out where in
space something is located.
So every particle in physics
has a specific location,
a specific position where it is.
It's the same with
temporal dynamics
as using time and temporal
factors as another dimension.
The problematic and confusing
thing is the geometric way
how to see temporal dynamics
because every particle
inside of a fourth dimension
of temporal dynamics
is also located to different
other positions inside
of this temporal dimension.
And that also brings
some challenges in order
how to manipulate time
because everything
has an effect on the
past and the future,
so it kind of ripples
from that position.
Whereas when we're talking
only three positions or three
dimensions, it's a pretty
hard and sanitized process
to locate everything.
So that is something that
people had challenges
to figure out how to use that.
And also, in order
to stabilize time,
to not interrupt
the flow of time,
but to have certain
impulses, certain
points in order to have
the correct ripples that
go around this position
of where it's located.
So I think what the
Greys did teach people
and brought them to is the
algorithm and the way--
how to figure out and to
use temporal dynamics.
>>EMERY: What's your theory
on when people time travel
and they go back--
and I get this question a lot.
Let's say they go back
and stop Hitler, you know?
And then they come
back to this time.
Would that create another
timeline and we still
are on this timeline?
Does that create a whole--
are there so many
multiple timelines,
or is it really just
the same timeline?
>>TIM: So you can imagine
having a time string
in the middle of everything.
That is the most stable
time string where
we have successful timelines.
If you do what you just
said and manipulate things
and you have this rippling
effect around the impulse
that you set into
temporal dynamics,
it could have a
disastrous outcome, which
means if you prevent
World War II,
Nazis wouldn't have happened,
and they will eventually
play a very big role in the
evolution of at least Earth
at some time.
So they are necessary.
The experience that the
universe has unfortunately
made in World War II is
something from probability
and possibility
views is necessary
in order to elevate
consciousness,
to make that experience.
So if you take that away, the
timeline will eventually--
it fails.
And then it gets reintegrated
into the mainstream,
and it would have
never happened.
So probabilities
and possibilities
will, if they are important
enough, will play out,
will play themselves out
maybe in a different way,
but the same effect and
experience will happen.
>>EMERY: Could you
please elaborate-- you
told me earlier the Greys
have given us this technology
for time travel.
And are teams now
utilizing this?
What are these teams doing?
What is their agenda?
>>TIM: All right.
So the psychological
mission of the Greys
was to show human people
the possible effects
of their agenda and what
they did to themselves,
to the planet, of course,
because the Greys have
the stock in humanity.
They are depending on
humanity and their evolution
in order to preserve the
overall evolution of everything.
And I think the previous ways
to communicate with people
in order to go to
the governments,
in terms of connecting to people
on the streets in some way--
abduction phenomenon,
we're talking about that--
I think they all were not
that successful in order
to do a change, to
bring change to the way
the human people were.
>>EMERY: Was it also
like a reconnaissance
to kind of see what's going on?
To come back and
say, hey, we might
need to change some things
so it doesn't go south.
I mean, go into a negative.
>>TIM: Absolutely.
So what they did is
giving technology
to a certain group of
people, and those people,
they have built some
kind of presence
in a future version
of this planet.
They are somehow
encapsulated in that time,
so they're not
accidentally changing
the future in some ways.
But through that, they are
reaching back to the version
we are here and right now so
that all the observers that
are experiencing
that right now can
be led into a possible
and productive way.
>>EMERY: Tim, you
spoke about the Greys
having this technology
and giving it
to a very select, elite few.
How do we trust them?
Can we trust them
with this technology?
>>TIM: So I think, hmm, the
Greys had their own benefit
and agenda in mind when they
gave it to this kind of group.
I'm not sure by what factors
they selected that group.
But certainly, I know
that those people
feel related to the human
race and to the benefit
of the human race.
And even though they
are an elite group
of power in some ways--
and we're not speaking about
elites that are right now here.
There are some different
factors why they are selected.
Pretty intelligent
people, and they
know about the consequences.
And their only mission
is to stabilize
the timeline we're on here.
So yeah, I do
trust these people,
and I know they are present
here, and they're helpful.
>>EMERY: Is this group of
elites part of the government;
corporations; a faction?
Who are they belonging to?
>>TIM: They are working together
with other influential groups
on this planet, but they are
not connected to governments,
not connected to companies,
and even very loosely connected
to the military.
>>EMERY: Speaking of that,
Rick, through documentation
and all the stuff you've seen,
what was the agenda back then?
What were they trying to do
with time travel and portals?
Was it for military use?
Was it for scientific use?
Was it for exploration?
Did you read anything
about the agenda?
>>DOTY: Well, the primary
agenda was military.
They were trying to determine
whether they could use it
in some sort of a weapons system
or maybe a counter insurgency,
so to speak, or something
to scare the enemy.
But one of the
things they found,
which was quite
surprising to them--
in particular, one of
the scientists, one
of the chief scientists
involved in this at Sandia Labs,
he was worried about what
they were actually doing.
Were they actually opening
up a portal of time,
or were they opening up
into another dimension?
That was something that they
were very concerned about.
And one of the things
that happened-- and this
is kind of tough to explain
and tough to talk about it.
But in one particular exercise--
I wasn't there.
I didn't see this, but
I was told about it.
And it happened at
a Nevada test site.
And it happened-- they
always did these experiments
either very late at night or
very early in the morning,
sometime after midnight.
And one of the things
they did was they
did this infusion of
a small nuclear device
to open something.
And they had a lot
of reactionary coming
from the other side.
Things were thrown out.
They'd never-- that had never
happened as far as I know.
And it kind of worried them.
Like, what did we just do?
What did we just do to time?
They were really
concerned about what they
were getting themselves into.
And when they shut this down--
they closed it down for
the evening at 2:00 or 3:00
in the morning.
They were cleaning up.
They saw these strange
figures down range.
Now we're talking
distance downrange.
I mean, miles downrange.
And they saw these
strange figures.
One technician was
picking up some equipment
and came back to one of
the directors and said,
who's downrange?
There's people downrange.
There's not supposed
to be, obviously.
It was very dangerous
to be down there.
But these things, whatever they
were, appeared for some time.
10, 15 minutes, and
then they disappeared.
So what did they just do?
Did they just open
up a dimension?
One of the scientists was
very instrumental of trying
to convince the other scientists
that we didn't open up
a time portal.
We opened up a dimension, and
we brought something into this,
back into this dimension.
Now when everything was
clear-- and they always
waited 24 hours before they went
downrange for the radiation,
and so forth.
When they went down there,
they didn't find anything.
But they found pieces
of clay and pieces
of other debris that
had come back in.
Now I don't know what
the analysis of that was.
It's probably still classified.
But they rounded that
all up and took it
to a laboratory to examine it.
But that was one of the very,
very, very strange things
that happened.
And like I said, I wasn't
there and witnessed it,
but I read about it, and I
was told about this later.
>>EMERY: I've actually
witnessed dimensions together,
just for a moment in
time, where you're
in two places at the same time.
And maybe Tim can explain that
because the fourth dimension,
as we were talking
about earlier,
can overlap
dimensions sometimes.
>>TIM: Hmm.
So I think what
we need to clarify
is that we are talking about
different realities that
might in some way or another
share the same space.
So what Richard is talking
about-- and that can happen,
is that things that
are overlapping,
by putting enormous energy
into that, the frequencies
come closer together and
people and things can appear.
We have the same effect in some
spaces and locations on Earth
where people are
reporting to, for example,
have seen ghosts or something.
That's pretty much
the same effect.
The natural dynamics
of energy compress
so much that things can appear.
But also something I
would like to talk about
is that there are
species and beings that
have naturally, without
using technology,
comprehended and understood
the mechanics or the techniques
in order to move through time.
So there are living
beings inside
of temporal dimensions,
which is pretty interesting
to understand that.
So as we are
thinking, theorizing
that time, temporal time
can be a temporal dimension,
there are also non-terrestrial
beings that are only
living inside of that time.
And they have understood that
every point in the universe
is connected, and that by
using the status of observer,
of being the observer, that
they can position and reposition
themselves inside of
temporal dimensions.
>>EMERY: So these are
the time travelers.
>>TIM: No, these are beings
or life forms that live inside
of temporal dimensions.
So as we experience
the 3D as a dimension,
as a space that is
livable and that
can be used in
order to live there,
they also live inside of time.
In some way or
another, they also
create time, which also
influences the timelines we're
experiencing here.
>>EMERY: Rick, was
there any concern
when you guys were
experimenting with opening
these portals of anything
coming back through?
>>DOTY: Well, after the incident
where something came through
and they saw figures downrange,
they were very, very concerned,
number one, with, did they
just open a portal into time
and now time travelers
are coming through?
Or was it the dimension?
Did they tap into a
dimension, whether it
was the fourth, fifth,
or whatever dimension?
Or-- I didn't read this until
later on when I worked with
a private laboratory--
was a parallel universe.
That was something that
was also brought up
and a whole paper
written about that.
But they were very, very
concerned at the time
after that incident that they
were going to bring something
back, and maybe harm him.
Open up the portal, and
somebody from the other side
seeing that portal open
and coming through it,
trying to come through it.
Now we are with archaic--
probably archaic
equipment on our side.
On the other side, maybe they're
1,000 years in the future.
And we try to bring them back
or they jump through or however
that works, and we harm them.
And that was a main--
that was a concern.
Very much a concern.
>>EMERY: Did it ever happen?
>>DOTY: One particular
incident where
they found something at the
other end and I wasn't there.
I knew about it, but they
did find what they described
as a very charred body.
>>EMERY: So you saw
this charred body.
Did it come through, or you
just saw it through the portal?
>>DOTY: Well, I wasn't there.
But I read and I was told
in a classified meeting
that, 24 hours later,
they went downrange
when everything was safe.
They found a very charred
body, and they could never
identify that.
They knew it wasn't
any of the workers.
Everybody was accounted for.
And they knew it wasn't anybody
from any of the other test site
areas.
So was it somebody
they brought back?
And the consensus
among scientists
were they brought
something through,
or something voluntarily
tried to get through
and was damaged by our side.
>>EMERY: So could you
tell by the charred body
if it was bipedal?
Was it-- or was it
just completely--
you couldn't tell
anything about it?
>>DOTY: Well, I never had the--
there are some people that would
know this, other people that
were involved in this.
But I was never involved
in the examination of it
or anything like that,
and I never saw any--
other than it was a
charred body in the report.
And they believed
it was a humanoid.
>>EMERY: Tim, do you have
anything to say about that?
>>TIM: So one thing I
found super interesting
to acknowledge is that time--
we are actually moving
backwards through time
while approaching forwards.
So that describes the temporal
dynamics a little bit.
See, if we see this table,
this is actually light
that comes to our
perception, but it takes time
to bring that memory
to the operating system
that the consciousness using--
a consciousness unit
is using in order
to interpret the data that
is coming from this table.
So even if this is just like
a nanosecond or something,
the image that I'm
seeing from this table
is actually in the past.
So everything we are
experiencing right now
is light that is coming
from a source very far away.
And we are moving
inside of that light,
coming towards that source.
So we are experiencing a
very, very, very old presence
of source.
This is kind of outdated, what
we're experiencing right now.
Still, we are moving
forward in time.
So you can see that temporal
dynamics have these two
lines that are going
in opposite directions
while having the observer
in the midst of it,
in the middle of it.
That is what I mean by saying
there are wrinkles around that.
>>EMERY: So these
photons are actually
in the past that
are coming of light.
>>TIM: Everything-- everything
we are observing right now,
you and me and Richard, we're
actually not here anymore.
The source is somewhere else.
This is a very, very, very old
source or experience of thought
that we are
experiencing right now.
>>EMERY: If we are an old
projection of ourselves,
where do I exist?
>>TIM: You do not exist as
an I. So we are all source.
We are this source that
radiates different potentials
and probabilities from the
center of the universe, which
is actually what people call
the zero point or something.
So it is the middle, the
center of everything.
And what we are experiencing
from that time and this version
of the universe is
particularly based upon light.
So there are different
other versions
that are based on
different other things,
but what we are
experiencing here,
everything radiates light,
photons, so to speak.
So the table radiates light.
We do.
And the bodies, the
biological bodies
that we have in
this version, they
are interpreting the data
that comes from that.
So if you zoom out
from that, everything--
we're not actually here.
This is a very, very old beam of
light that we are experiencing.
And there are beings that are--
I mean, all models are wrong.
Some are useful.
So if you imagine that's a
point of source somewhere.
And from that, we have this
light that radiates from that.
And we are at this
point as an observer
very far away from source.
We are actually
moving towards source,
which makes
everything more dense
until we hit it and
we're unified again.
And from that point,
we have another version
of the universe unfolding.
But there are beings
that are coming
from that out--
they use the waste
outside of the linear
timeline, and they go there
and they repair
whatever is there
because we are experiencing a
paradox of probability here,
which needs to be decided.
And they are doing that,
coming and repairing everything
so that in the end,
eventually we can unify again.
We come together one more time.
And from there, we build a
new version of the universe.
>>DOTY: Tim, do you
know of any instances
where beings came
through a portal?
>>TIM: Yes, all the time.
So we have two kinds of beings,
one that have evolved in a way
that they acknowledge the
potential of traveling
through temporal dynamics
by themselves, by using
the observer status in order to
relocate themselves somewhere.
They don't tend to
use portals anymore.
They use the natural
abilities that every one of us
has when we get aware of that.
Aware.
The second option, those
are less evolved beings,
but technologically
very advanced.
They use different portals
and different technologies
in order to move through that.
And allegedly, we have
had a time on this planet
where entities were using
the natural flow of energies
and portals all over
the planet in order
to communicate with
people from their time.
>>DOTY: One of the things
I want to ask you about--
and during this discussion,
we had an incident
when I worked for a
private laboratory
where we advertised--
and part of this continued
program in time travel.
This was in the '90s.
We advertised for
time travelers.
We put it in magazines, and
we didn't have the internet
back then, but in magazines.
We had a person come forth
and said, I'm a time traveler.
This person looked
extraordinary.
My experiences and my
background with ETs,
as soon as we met this person in
a location in Phoenix, Arizona,
he was tall and lanky.
His arms were not
proportional to his body.
He had very, very,
very light skin.
And one of the things-- and
I was pretty blunt with him
when we he introduced
himself as George Arthur.
Now you can look
in the internet,
and there's stories about
this George Arthur guy.
And I asked him, I said,
where did you come from?
He said, do you want to know
exactly where I come from
or where I'm at right now?
I said, no, where were you born?
He said, it's very difficult
to explain because I was born
1,000 years into the future.
I came back in time.
Well, we did a lot of
vetting on this guy.
We could not--
and one of my jobs
there was to do a complete
background on him.
We could find zero, nothing.
We couldn't find anything.
Now he told us--
and this is something
that was very baffling.
He told us he could
show us how to do this,
how to go back in time.
There's a place in Arizona.
He called it Secret Mountain.
I talked to Randy
Cramer about this.
He knows where the place is.
We went there.
Scientists brought equipment.
We drove from Austin,
Texas, out there.
He met us.
He took us out there.
We had four-wheel drives.
Took us a long
time to get there.
He said, I'm going to
walk down this canyon--
it was an actual canyon--
and I'm going to show
you how to do it.
But don't follow me yet.
So he walks down this canyon,
and it's a one-way canyon.
There's only one way
in and one way out.
He walks down this canyon.
We waited 45 minutes
and he doesn't come out.
And the canyon curves a
little bit to the left.
So we decided--
I was the guinea pig who said,
I'll go down and look for him.
He's gone.
>>TIM: Wow.
>>DOTY: He disappeared.
There's only one way
he could have got out--
was climbing a 2,000-foot
cliff because the canyon--
the path going in the
canyon stopped at a wall.
It was 2,000 feet up.
There wasn't any portholes
that we could find.
There wasn't any
caves or tunnels.
It had rained a day before.
There was a little
puddle of water,
but it was only six inches deep.
He disappeared.
My question to you
is, in today's time,
have you met any humans--
I mean, not beings, but
humans that have traveled
forward or back in time?
>>TIM: So I know the
people that are part
of this group of time units.
I think-- I mean,
that's the translation
I would give to that.
I don't know if people from
now are using technology
in order to go somewhere else.
So I don't know how far
the conventional military
is using those technologies.
Yeah, that's it.
>>EMERY: Which brings me
to the next question is,
are there areas on planet
Earth such as this place that
have been known to be ancient
portals that are already there,
that either need to be activated
or are always activated?
>>TIM: Yes.
The way I understand it is
that there was a time where
human people were
in a closed context
to different other species,
and it was pretty common
that they used the
natural flow of energies
in order to go through
portals and in order
to connect with human people.
And through time, the memory
or the collective memory
has forgotten about that.
Also, because we-- or humans
experienced a time of chaos
back then, and people
tried to bring out
the influences on Earth in
order to see what went wrong.
And we already
talked about that,
that there were some harmful
influences and a lot of chaos
that went down the road.
And yeah.
So the way I understand it, it
was pretty common that species
connected through portals
with human people on Earth.
>>EMERY: Have you heard
of any of this, Rick,
in your documentation?
>>DOTY: No, other than--
I didn't have any
knowledge of what
Tim was talking about as
far as a group of people.
I mean, back in--
we might have had
them back in my days,
but I was never briefed in
any kind of program like that.
We just solicited during
the '90s people that
claimed to be time travelers.
And George Arthur
was the only one
that actually was able
to prove something to us.
And they were offering
a lot of money, $50,000.
Unfortunately, he never got
his money because-- but one
of the questions I have is that
the people that were recruited
as--
the humans that were
recruited into the program
by the extraterrestrials, were
they from this time period
or were they from a
future time period?
>>TIM: They were
from the time period
of the 2000, 2010-ish years.
But yeah, they came from the
present or the present time
and were recruited by--
I don't know which kind
of factor they used.
Those people are
pretty intelligent,
smart guys, and also pretty
dedicated to the mission
of protecting the timeline.
I think those were the factors.
>>DOTY: They were thoroughly
vetted and investigated
and trained?
Did they have to go to training?
>>TIM: So the Greys put
up a training system.
They also explained
the technology.
They gave the algorithms
and how to use that.
So from that time on, I think
they are pretty autonomous.
>>EMERY: How advanced now is
the technology of portal travel?
I mean, are we allowed to go
through and come back at will?
>>TIM: So from the
conversations I've had,
I learned that back
in the ancient days,
those portals were utilizing
natural dynamics, natural flows
of energy, and they used some
kind of stone, stony device
in order to put up
coordinations upon that.
And also, using it as a
kind of consciousness--
>>EMERY: Like a
consciousness-assisted
technology of some sort.
>>TIM: Yeah, but
build from stone--
>>EMERY: Organic.
>>TIM: Yeah, it was organic.
They used stones
and carved inside
of that coordinates and
different hieroglyphs.
And they used those
stones in order
to approach or go through
natural occurring portals
where they need specific time
correlations and specific
alignments with stars.
So they couldn't go
through that spontaneously.
It's very certain times.
And I think the equinoxes are
used-- they're utilized there.
So we're talking--
I mean, natural
technology that uses
natural things and
natural physics
in order to go through that.
Time moved on.
Technology is different today.
It's more sophisticated
in some ways.
So as much as I'm aware, people
can open or even relocate
even singular matter or atoms
inside of a time dimension.
So yeah, it's more
sophisticated today.
>>DOTY: One of the
things that I found out
during my time in
counterintelligence
working on this
time travel project,
the United States government
prepares for everything.
And they prepared a group of
people for time traveling.
This was probably
in the early '70s.
I don't know exactly
when this happened.
But some of them were
astronauts and some of them
were just military
personnel, and there
were a few scientists.
Because of the
project, they thought
they could complete the
project and actually open up
fabrics of space.
They prepared this team
of people to go in.
I believe there were 15
or 20 in the first group.
And one of the things
that they did was they
gave him these markers.
One of the problems
would be when you walk--
if they got through the portal,
number one, where are they?
They've got to find this
other side of this portal
to come back, so they
had these markers.
And there was all sorts of
different types of systems that
they were using to mark some
location so it wouldn't--
I mean, they didn't have GPS.
If they were going through, they
wouldn't have a GPS or the MTR,
the military back in the-- the
military satellite they used
back in the '60s before GPS.
So they had to prepare for that.
And it's amazing.
I saw the training manual.
Very thick.
And they went through virtually
everything to prepare.
And one of the things-- we
talked about this a little bit
earlier--
one of the things that they
prepared for and they told
these astronauts-- they
call them time astronauts--
was when you got to
a location and you
found that you
were back in time,
you can't manipulate
anything because you've
got a paradox there.
If you go back and find
yourself walking down the street
or somehow--
you can't do that.
There would be a paradox.
So I thought that training
manual was fascinating,
and I wish I could find
it to bring it forth.
I mean, there were so many
things they trained them.
I can't go into
great details now.
We don't have the time.
But there were so
many other things
that they prepared
them for, just in case
they could go back in time.
>>TIM: Yeah.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>TIM: It's called
the quantum collapse.
If people meet different
versions of themselves
and they interact with them,
a quantum collapse can occur
and timelines would fail.
>>EMERY: Let's say
you went back in time
and you had killed
your grandfather.
What happens to
that timeline now?
Do you exist when you come back?
Do you not exist?
Or is there a whole 'nother
timeline that's created?
>>TIM: So you have a
dead grandpa, for sure.
That's going to happen.
But besides that, the--
so there's nothing
that can fade away.
Things that are probable and
possible still will occur.
So if someone goes back in
time, kills their grandfather,
they have this
memory inside of time
that they go somewhere
and do something.
So a different time
string would appear then.
One thing would
fade, but you still
exist because you're still
aware of your existence
and you just--
the universe will merge
the failed timelines
into a stable one.
If you do something that
has a tremendous effect
on the stability of a timeline,
then a quantum collapse
can occur, which
means that a stable--
once stable timeline would fail.
And yeah, the universe
then tries the best logic
it has in order to
merge it again back
to the time string in the middle
of it to make it stable again.
>>DOTY: I think this is
a fascinating discussion.
I talked about the past.
I talked about what we did
in the 1970s and 1980s, what
we did experimenting with time
travel, the different projects
I was involved in
regarding time travel.
And now Tim brings
us up to the present
and even into the future.
It's a fascinating discussion.
>>TIM: I love that.
I love the perspectives, and
I'm really thankful that we can
talk about that, discuss it.
And also, one thing that makes
me feel pretty comfortable
in my position is just to
know that the universe got us
covered, that we
cannot ultimately fail,
but ultimately can only
succeed whatever we do.
>>EMERY: Well said, gentlemen.
Well said.
Thank you so much for
being on the show.
>>DOTY: Thank you.
>>TIM: Huge pleasure.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
>>ANNOUNCER: Next on
"Cosmic Disclosure."
>>EMERY: Tim, how do you think
the Greys actually perceive us?
>>TIM: In some ways, they depend
on some people on this planet,
but they also do not
care if there are losses.
>>EMERY: How do the
interfrequentials
view our world?
>>TIM: They do want to help
because their existence depends
on a well-evolving
universe because everything
is connected.
>>EMERY: Why is Earth attractive
to all these different ETs?
>>TIM: The potential of
evolution of humans on Earth
is pretty high because
they have all this chaos.
With all that stress and
all their challenges,
they have to evolve quickly.
[THEME MUSIC]